//items
item.raw_amber.name=Raw Amber
item.amber_ingot.name=Refined Amber
item.steel_ingot.name=Steel Ingot
item.diamond_bit.name=Diamond Bit 
item.cracked_egg.name=Cracked Egg
item.cooked_egg.name=Cooked Egg
item.coal_dust.name=Coal Dust
item.steel_dust.name=Steel Dust
item.iron_dust.name=Iron Dust
item.copper_coil.name=Copper Coil
item.copper_ore.name=Copper Ore
item.copper_ingot.name=Copper Ingot

//tools
item.steel_axe.name=Steel Axe
item.steel_pickaxe.name=Steel Pickaxe
item.steel_hoe.name=Steel Hoe
item.steel_shovel.name=Steel Shovel
item.steel_sword.name=Steel Sword

//Armor
item.steel_helmet.name=Steel Helmet
item.steel_chestplate.name=Steel Chestplate
item.steel_leggings.name=Steel Leggings
item.steel_boots.name=Steel Boots

//blocks
tile.amber_ore.name=Amber Ore
tile.raw_amber_block.name=Raw Amber Block
tile.refined_amber_block.name=Refined Amber Block
tile.grinder_block.name=Grinder
tile.carrot_block.name=Carrot Block
tile.copper_ore.name=Copper Ore

//oreGen
tile.ore_overworld_amber.name=Amber Ore
tile.ore_overworld_carrot.name=Carrot Block

//tabs
itemGroup.steamfoundation=Steam Foundation